Update BYOC docs on how to create tenant cluster on a different tenant (#500)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/guides/prepare-azure-subscription-for-tenant-clusters/index.md

---
title: "Prepare an Azure subscription to run Giant Swarm tenant clusters"
description: "This guide will walk you through all necessary steps to set up an Azure subscription for operating Giant Swarm tenant clusters."
date: "2020-05-14"
type: page
weight: 100
tags: ["tutorial"]
---

# Prepare an Azure subscription to run Giant Swarm tenant clusters

> In a Giant Swarm installation the tenant clusters (the clusters running your Kubernetes workloads) can run in a separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Giant Swarm installation, the tenant clusters (the clusters running your Kubernetes workloads) can run in a separate
```

---
title: "Prepare an Azure subscription to run Giant Swarm tenant clusters"
description: "This guide will walk you through all necessary steps to set up an Azure subscription for operating Giant Swarm tenant clusters."

> date: "2018-09-12"

Reviewer: Don't forget to update the date 👍

Author: Done

and how to give it permissions in order to run Giant Swarm tenant clusters.

Giant Swarm tenant clusters are owned by Organizations, which allow you to control access to clusters,
since only members of the owner organization have access to the management functions of a cluster,
but also allows you to select the subscription where the tenant cluster will be created.

In order to run a tenant cluster in your Azure subscription, the organization owning your cluster has to know about it.

If you have direct access to the Giant Swarm API, please set the subscription ID and Tenant ID of your organization with our [gsctl](/reference/gsctl/) CLI.
Look for the [`update organization set-credentials`](/reference/gsctl/update-org-set-credentials/#azure) command.

In case you work with a GiantSwarm partner, it might be that you don’t have access to the GiantSwarm API.
In that case, please hand over your Azure subscription ID and Tenant ID to your partner contact.

After the organization is configured, you can create clusters owned by that organization.
These clusters' resources will be created in your Azure subscription.

## Further reading

> - [Basics and Concepts: Bring Your Own Cloud](/basics/byoc/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Basics and Concepts: Bring Your Own Cloud](/basics/multi-account/)
```
